README.md, before:

# profile_simulated_hardware
Simulated hardware for TES fly scans

## Set up instructions

Install a VirtualBox machine with Sirepo using vagrant following the instructions from 
https://github.com/radiasoft/sirepo/wiki/Development, which is also needed if
https://github.com/NSLS-II/sirepo-bluesky is used.

Configure the ports mapping:
- for the EPICS IOC, port 5064 for the UDP and TCP protocols (the IOC comes with a Docker image ``mikehart/motorsim``,
  or ``europeanspallationsource/motorsim``, based on
  https://github.com/EuropeanSpallationSource/MCAG_setupMotionDemo)
- for MongoDB, port 27017 (needed for databroker)

Install a MongoDB following the instructions from
- https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-red-hat
or
- https://tecadmin.net/install-mongodb-on-fedora/

Install Docker following the instructions from
https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/fedora/.

Run a Docker container inside the VirtualBox VM to provide access to the motors:

```bash
docker run -it --rm --name motorsim --network=host mikehart/motorsim
```

or

```bash
docker run -it --rm --name motorsim --network=host -e "PREFIX=IOC" europeanspallationsource/motorsim
```

Commit message:

Add databroker config file local.yml and update instructions

README.md, after:

# profile_simulated_hardware
Simulated hardware for TES fly scans

## Set up instructions

Install a VirtualBox machine with Sirepo using vagrant following the
instructions from https://github.com/radiasoft/sirepo/wiki/Development, which
is also needed if https://github.com/NSLS-II/sirepo-bluesky is used.

Configure the ports mapping:
- for the EPICS IOC, port 5064 for the UDP and TCP protocols (the IOC comes
  with a Docker image ``mikehart/motorsim``, or
  ``europeanspallationsource/motorsim``, based on
  https://github.com/EuropeanSpallationSource/MCAG_setupMotionDemo)
- for MongoDB, port 27017 (needed for databroker)

Install a MongoDB following the instructions from
- https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-red-hat
or
- https://tecadmin.net/install-mongodb-on-fedora/

Databroker configuration file can be used from [`local.yml`](config/local.yml)
and should be put to `~/.config/databroker/local.yml`.

Install Docker following the instructions from
https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/fedora/.

Run a Docker container inside the VirtualBox VM to provide access to the
motors:

```bash
docker run -it --rm --name motorsim --network=host mikehart/motorsim
```

or

```bash
docker run -it --rm --name motorsim --network=host -e "PREFIX=IOC" europeanspallationsource/motorsim
```

TODO: finish the "Docker inside VM" instructions.
